Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Subtitles by demonseye
- How long will you be?
- Oh. I don't know.
Uh. not very long.
Carol?
Yes. You Michael?
Yes.
Nice to meet you.
- Am I late?
- No. no. not at all.
Brian was right.
You are lovely.
Ah. thank you.
Uh. our dinner reservations
aren't until 9:00.
- Would you like to get a drink before we go?
- Sure.
You know. you didn't have to drive
all the way over here.
I'd have been happy
to pick you up.
Oh. no. no. that's all right.
Sometimes I have to work late.
Anyway.
I prefer to drive myself.
In case you need
a quick getaway?
I know how you feel. Blind dates
can be a bit grim sometimes.
Yeah. ever since. uh.
Brian joined the firm.
he's been trying
to marry me off.
- Are you divorced?
- Uh. widower.
- I'm sorry.
- No. that's all right.
What kind of work
do you do?
I work with
a publishing company.
I'm one of many editors.
Believe me. it's no big deal.
I read manuscripts and take
a lot of work home at night.
I've known Connie for years.
After my divorce.
I think she took me on
as something of a project.
She thinks
I work too hard.
I hope
you don't mind my asking.
and. believe me. I'm thrilled that you did.
but why did you accept a blind date?
I don't know.
You know.
Connie was seeing Brian.
and the three of us
had been out to dinner
a couple of times.
He seemed like
a really nice guy.
And one day Connie said that
the senior partner in Brian's law firm
was coming to Los Angeles.
and that you were
some kind of heavy-duty lawyer.
supposed to be
a really nice guy...
I said I was busy.
And she said.
what did I have to lose?
The worst thing that could happen
is I'd have a nice meal in a good restaurant.
Well. your friend's right about
one thing. Dinner will be very good.
- Mr. Tarlow?
- Yes.
- Message for you. sir.
- Oh. thank you. Excuse me.
Oh.
I'm sorry but I have to go upstairs
and make a phone call.
- Anything serious?
- No. no. no. Just an anxious client. uh...
Would you like to come up?
I won't be very long.
I know it sounds fishy.
I feel really awkward.
If you prefer to stay down here.
it's fine.
I'll  just be a little while.
No. it's all right.
I'll  come.
Thank you.
- Wow. this is beautiful.
- Yes. it is. isn't it?
Have a look around.
I'll just be a minute.
Yeah. hi. it's Tarlow.
Is he there?
Are you sure?
I got a message to call 'im.
Tell 'im
I returned his call. okay?
Yeah. yeah. thank you.
Okay. Bye.
Leo!
I just got a message
to call you.
Hello. Michael.
I thought
you were in New Orleans.
Yeah. but...
I decided to come home
a day early.
Well. I wish
you would have let me know.
I would have given you a call.
No. there's no need
for that now. is there?
- You gonna invite us in?
- Uh. yeah. Sure. Excuse me.
Wootton.
this is Michael Tarlow.
my lawyer.
Michael. Jack Wootton.
How do you do?
Well. uh. sit down.
Can I get you something to drink?
No. thank you.
- So. I take it you've been busy.
- Yeah.
What brings you
to Los Angeles?
I'm just closing
the gallway deal.
I should have papers on your desk
by the end of the week.
You didn't have to come all the way out here
just for that. You could have done it by phone.
Well. you know how it is.
When you do things face to face.
it's just a lot clearer.
I agree.
You seem edgy. Michael.
- That's not like you.
- No. I'm fine.
So. what can I do for you?
I have a problem.
Need your advice.
- Now. that's what you pay me for.
- Yes. that's right.
That's what I pay you for.
There's a man
who works for me.
He's close to me.
I trusted him.
So. what's the problem?
The problem is that he... got himself
into some financial trouble.
He made some investments.
He leveraged himself
up to his eyeballs.
The investments didn't work out...
He got himself
in serious debt.
Now. this man didn't come to me
and tell me his problem.
He didn't come to the man
who trusted him
and ask for help.
What he did was.
he just took my money.
Took a lot of it.
He was very clever.
so it was very hard to find out about.
So. I need your advice. Michael.
What should I do
with this man?
Leo...
What do you think?
- What would you do?
- Now. you-you don't understand. Leo.
- I understand.
- No. I can explain it. I-I can.
Good.
I would like you to.
It's not what you think.
I-I-I would never...
Please. Michael.
Have enough respect
for me not to lie.
I... I was desperate. Leo.
I took some funds from
the con-amalgate account. I...
To cover a loan. I...
I was gonna pay you back. Leo.
I swear!
I'm so disappointed
in you. Michael.
For God's sake. you gotta believe me.
You-you know I was gonna pay you back. Leo.
Michael. don't be afraid.
Hey. you're acting like
you think I'll harm you.
Michael...
Even though we were close.
even though you betrayed me.
and I trusted you.
I would never harm you.
Here's what
you're going to do.
You're going to
go back to New York.
Someone else will close
the gallway deal.
I will never do business
with you again.
You will pay me back
what you owe. with interest.
If you have to sell
your nice apartment
with the... David Hockneys
on the wall.
then you'll do that.
You will pay me back.
I will never speak to you again.
You're right. Michael.
It's better to talk
these things over face to face.
It's clearer that way.
Goodbye. Michael.
Don't get up.
Oh. Michael?
I lied.
Yeah?
Caulfield here.
What?
How soon
can you be here?
Five minutes is too long.
Right.
- He's in a conference.
- Right.
Good morning.
Won't you come in?
Martin. James.
detective sergeant Benti.
Nice to meet you.
This is James Dahlbeck.
Like Caulfield.
he's a deputy D.A.
He goes to trial tomorrow
with the Atwater case.
That's what we were
in the middle of discussing.
that's why my door
was closed.
I believe
it's called... a conference.
Remember those latents
that we found
on the bathroom glass
in Michael Tarlow's hotel suite?
Yes. They never checked out.
They didn't check out
in California.
While at city sweep. detective sergeant
Benti's been hard at work.
I'm impressed.
Go ahead.
detective sergeant.
Make me look good.
We ran those prints
through the federal computer.
Turns out they belong
to one Carol Hunnicut.
She's arrested
for disorderly conduct in 1981.
in Oregon.
some kind of antinuke bullshit.
She works
for a publishing company.
She hasn't been there
since the day Tarlow bought the bar.
- This is riveting.
- Give 'im a minute. he'll get your attention.
I checked through our logs.
Two days after Tarlow got ice.
we got a call.
Some broad by the name of Constance Billings
said her friend was missing.
She seemed upset.
We told her she could come in and
file a missing persons report.
Seemed to change 'er mind. and said maybe
her friend just went away for a few days.
She never gave us the friend's
full name. Just the first. Carol.
- Are you with us so far?
- I'm holding my own.
I got the address of this
Constance Billings.
and I went to see her
this morning. Really early.
You see them before they had
their first coffee. and they rattle easier.
Oh. she didn't wanna see me
from nothing.
She said
she didn't know anything...
She had total amnesia.
She was scared shitless.
I told her we'd protect her
and her friend if she helped us.
but we couldn't protect 'er
if she didn't.
She was as easy to crack
as a raw egg.
Then she comes out with it.
The reason why
this Hunnicut broad's fingerprints
were on the bathroom glass
is because
she was in the hotel suite
when Tarlow got hit.
She saw it.
She was there.
It gets better.
It gets a lot better.
Guess who was in the room
with the button man?
- You're kidding?
- Leo fucking Watts.
In person. In living color.
The woman was
in the other room.
She saw everything.
Everything.
Nobody knew about 'er.
They still don't.
Where is she?
She understandably freaked
and took off.
She called her friend from the road.
told her what had happened.
that she was still alive.
She's... hiding out in a cabin
some place in East Jesus.
- There is a God.
- Unbelievable.
I've chartered a plane.
It'll fly into a small strip.
we'll be met by a helicopter.
flown to where she is...
I'll pick her up.
come back the same way.
Nobody knows anything
about her.
Leo's in for a nice surprise.
While I get her tucked away.
here you get your warrant.
- What if she won't talk?
- Oh. she'll talk.
- You know this for a fact?
- Yeah. she'll talk. I'll  promise her protection...
I'll offer her relocation.
She'll talk. She has to.
Don't you think
you ought to find out
if she's gonna cooperate
before you go to see 'er?
Well. there's no phone in this place.
Anyway. she might just take off.
- Where is this place?
- It's up in Canada.
I can't authorize
that kind of expenditure
without checking with the director
of branch and area operations.
You know that.
I have to follow procedure.
This is Leo Watts
we're talking about.
We've got him
for murder one.
You understand
what that means?
Yes. I do.
I still have to check.
- What's the matter with you?
- There's nothing the matter with me.
Why are you doing this again
with Watts?
- Doing what?
- Last year we had a chance at 'im.
And you put me
in your bureaucratic blender.
and we lost 'im.
Your idea of a chance at him
was uncorroborated statements
from an informant
who was doing hard time
and who would sell his own mother
to get his sentence reduced.
As a matter of fact. I think
he did actually try to sell his mother once.
except she'd been dead
for 10 years.
You wanna make the announcement?
That's what you're worried about?
I realize television cameras are
something of an aphrodisiac to you.
You can be on the 11 o'clock news.
Does that satisfy you?
Our job is to convict criminals.
not to bring them to trial
and then have them acquitted.
I'm gonna conduct business here
in a proper and orderly way.
whether it pleases you or not.
And while we're
on the subject.
I don't think I like the implications
of what you're saying.
Let's go.
We're going.
We're going now.
Not without my authorization.
Why does he have
to fly so low?
We're not low.
The ground's high.
See? Now we're high.
I hate these things.
Sorry. sir.
Just a little turbulence
in the thermals on
the windward side of the mountain.
I don't wanna know
about thermals.
Well. sir. if nothing else. you do have to admit
there's a pretty spectacular scenery out there.
If I want scenery.
I'll  get a postcard.
- How much longer?
- We'll be there in less than 5 minutes. sir.
- Too long.
- What do you think she looks like?
I don't care what she looks like.
I don't like the company she keeps.
You realize.
when we go down.
nobody's gonna be able to find us
except some fucking moose.
You think top gun up there will be
able to tell if somebody's following us?
Like what. a condor?
There it is.
Keep the motor running.
okay?
It's warm.
Miss Hunnicut?
I'm detective sergeant Dominick Benti.
Los Angeles Police Department.
With me is deputy District Attorney
Robert Caulfield.
Miss Hunnicut. we know
you're in there.
We'll wait out here
all day if we have to.
Real cold out here.
Hope we don't have to.
Can I see
some identification. please?
- What d'you want?
- I think you know what we want.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
You were... witness to a murder.
We'd like you to come back and testify.
I never saw anything.
How did you find me?
A friend of yours. Constance Billings.
told us where you were.
- She said you saw a lot.
- I have nothing to say to you.
You wouldn't happen to have a drink
in there. would you?
- You're on duty.
- I only drink when I'm on duty.
How do I know who men
are who you say you are?
You saw our I.D.
Well. I wouldn't know
a real one from a fake one.
If we were gonna
do you some harm.
we would have done it already.
There's coffee on the stove.
- Do you have any beer?
- No.
Nice place.
- Thanks.
- Jesus! She really doesn't have beer.
Miss Hunnicut. we'd really like
to have you come back and testify.
I'm not gonna go
anywhere with you.
I didn't see anything.
I don't know anything.
I am not going to testify.
- Aren't you pleasant.
- Yes. when I wanna be.
Look. gentlemen. I really
have nothing to say to you.
I would like you to leave.
I don't think you realize
your situation you're in.
I know exactly
the situation I'm in.
I don't think you do.
We can protect you.
If you stay here.
they're gonna find you.
There's no reason for anyone
to come after me.
I'm not testifying.
- I've a subpoena.
- Let me see it.
- I can get one.
- I think you should leave.
Lady.
you're kidding yourself.
You think those guys
would come up here.
you being the one person who could
put Leo Watts in the gas chamber.
you'll tell them
you're not gonna testify.
and they'd say
"Wow. that's a relief. Thanks.
You have a nice day."
Then they'd turn around and go home?
Is that what you believe?
They'd never find me.
- We did.
- I'll take my chances.
Have the keys
to that car out there?
On the table.
I don't suppose there's a back door
to this place. is there?
- No.
- How 'bout a window?
Yes. It's in the bathroom.
You get to that window.
all right?
Keep quiet. Keep low.
You wait for me there.
Go! Go!
Now!
I can't believe that.
What have you done to me?
Nobody knew where I was.
I'm sorry. How the hell would I know
they were following us?
Aren't you supposed to know that?
Isn't that your job?
How could you be stupid enough
to let somebody follow you?
Where's the closest town?
Uh. some place with a telephone?
Eight miles down this road.
The train's slowing down.
How far to the station?
About a half a mile.
Let's go.
Excuse me.
Uh... Where's the closest...
big town?
I beg your pardon?
A big city. uh. you know.
one with an airport.
Where's the nearest one?
Well. of you go east.
about 100 miles.
- Which way is this train heading?
- Well. it goes west. of course.
- Damn!
- Vancouver's as big as you get.
This train goes to Vancouver.
- How long's that take?
- You arrive Vancouver 10:40 in the morning.
You're kidding...
No. you're not kidding.
Um... I'd like
a private compartment. please.
Oh. I'm sorry. mister.
All we got left is coach seats.
I have to have
a private compartment.
Then wait until tomorrow.
Another train will come through.
I'll see if we got space on that.
No. you-you don't understand.
I have to be on that train.
Well. I'd like to help you out. mister.
There's nothing I can do.
- I have to be able to lie down.
- She has to lie down.
If I go into labor again.
I have be able to lie down.
Well. the... baby isn't due
for another two weeks. but. uh...
- I have to be able to lie down.
- Well. don't worry. honey. it's okay...
Excuse me. sir.
I couldn't help overhearing.
My wife and I.
we have a compartment and...
You kids look as though
you need it more than we do.
- Oh. we couldn't do that.
- No. please. I insist.
I remember how it was
with our... Mark.
- This your first?
- Yes. That's very kind of you. Thank you.
- I'm gonna pay for both tickets.
- Oh. well...
No. I insist.
- Is there a phone on the train?
- Afraid not.
195 dollars. please.
That's car 564.
drawing room A.
- It's toward the end of the train.
- Thank you.
You get on the train. okay?
Don't wait for me.
Get in the drawing room. lock the door.
Don't let anybody in.
Don't answer for anybody. all right?
They probably haven't seen you.
All right. Here.
Go. Go.
- Uh... I'm really very grateful.
- Oh. that's quite all right.
- Thank you.
- You take care of the little lady now.
Yes?
I believe there's been some mistake.
This is my compartment.
Well. if there's been a mistake.
it's yours.
- This is our compartment.
- Are you sure?
Yes. of course I'm sure.
Now. could you please excuse us?
Well. the-the conductor told me
that... this was mine.
The conductor couldn't have said that.
This is our compartment.
- Uh-huh. Could I see your ticket. please?
- Can I see yours?
My wife has our tickets.
Well. maybe your wife is
in the proper car.
This is my son.
This is not your wife.
This is our compartment.
not your compartment.
I would like you to leave.
This guy's lying.
I'm sorry
for the inconvenience. really. Um...
I'm always getting myself
into these kinds of things.
One time. I. uh.
I lost my car.
I parked it in...
in a parking lot
and I just... I forgot where I parked it.
I just...
You know what that's like.
No. I don't know what that's like.
Would you please get out of here?
Yes. of course.
I'm sorry.
- Is this car 564?
- No.
Ah. well. There you are.
you see? I've done it again.
- I'm supposed to be in car 564.
- Well. maybe you should go to car 564.
You wouldn't happen to know
where that car is. would you?
No. I wouldn't.
He's lying. mom.
He's a train robber.
- Oh. what would I want with a train?
- Do you have a gun?
Yeah. I-I guess I should go
see the conductor.
He would know where car 564 is.
wouldn't you think?
I would expect so.
Why don't you do that?
I'll do that. Uh...
I'll go find him
and I'll just ask him
where car 564 really is.
- Good idea.
- Well. uh. sorry for the inconvenience.
- You folks have a nice trip.
- You. too.
It's me. Caulfield.
- How you doing?
- I've been better.
Yeah. me too.
- So. we expecting company?
- There's two of 'em.
It's no gonna take them very long
to find this compartment.
I'm getting off
at the next stop.
That's impossible.
- You watch me.
- We'd be sitting ducks out there.
- Who said anything about "we"?
- You're going out there alone?
We're in the middle
of a goddamn wilderness.
in case you haven't noticed.
Take a look out the window.
for Christ's sakes.
You're going out there on foot?
Well. that should be a breeze.
I've a much better chance
to protect you in here.
Protect me? You're the one
who put me in danger.
I'm not stupid. Mr. Caulfield.
I'm not gonna survive stuck
on this train until tomorrow.
Let me tell you something.
A police officer died
trying to help get you back
to Los Angeles. He was a good man.
I'm gonna get you back there.
I promise.
I can't tell you
what a comfort that is.
- I don't think I like you.
- So the weekend in Paris is off?
You got a big mouth. At least you can put it
to good use on the witness stand.
I don't think you hear very well.
I am not testifying at this trial.
You still don't get it.
do you?
These guys are grownups.
they got automatic weapons.
It doesn't matter what you tell them.
when they see you. they're gonna kill you.
We got two things
going for us.
One. they've seen me.
they might not have seen you.
They might not know
what you look like.
And?
And... we got one thing
going for us.
And I've got you
to protect me.
- Who is it?
- Conductor. sir.
- Uh. yes?
- I'm sorry to disturb you.
A gentleman has lost
his briefcase.
Yeah.
Well... We think...
maybe the porter left it
in one of these compartments
by mistake.
We're checking the whole car.
It's not in here.
You're welcome to take a look
if you'd like.
Thank you.
- Hmm. I guess it's not in here.
- I guess not.
I'm sure
it's in this car someplace.
Maybe not.
We'll keep looking.
I'm sorry
to have bothered you. sir.
- He'll be back. won't he?
- Yeah.
- How do we stop him?
- We don't.
Want me to set out
some hors d'oeuvres?
I want you to do exactly
what I tell you to do.
Excuse me.
I wasn't looking where I was going.
Oh. that's quite all right. sir.
Operator. I wanna make
a collect call to James Dahlbeck.
My name is Caulfield.
C-a-u-l-f-i-e-l-d.
Caulfield.
Where the hell are you?
- I'm on a train.
- You're on a what?
We were followed.
Sergeant Benti is dead.
That's impossible.
It seems strange that
Larner doesn't wanna send me up here.
and then we're followed.
It doesn't nake sense.
- No. you're-you're way off base.
- Oh. you think so?
Two times in one year. uh.
he tries to stop me.
That's stretching coincidence
a little bit. don't you think?
I-I don't what to say.
Well. don't say anything.
Just listen.
There's at least two guys
following us.
One of the men has an automatic weapon.
Maybe-maybe they both do. I don' know.
The helicopter was destroyed.
and the pilot is dead.
The perps are still
on the train. okay?
They've seen me.
I don't think they've seen the girl.
They don't know
what she girl looks like.
But they sure as hell know
what I look like.
I don't think
we can stay on the train.
Where the hell is this train?
Now we're heading west
towards Vancouver.
We're gonna be there
about 10 o'clock in the morning.
I don't think we can hold out
that long before they find her.
- Where's the next stop?
- Uh.... Town called Monashee.
We'll be in there
about midnight.
All right. All right. um... Do what you can
to keep the girl hidden until then.
I'll  have you met
at the next station.
Well... L-l-listen! Don't say anything
to Larner about this. all right?
I-I won't. Hey. uh...
You hang in there.
Yeah. sure.
He's gone.
We're changing cars.
This one is getting too popular.
We get into the next station
around midnight.
There'll be some people there
to meet us.
Then we can get off
this damn train.
Oh. thank God.
Now. these guys can't just go...
blasting everybody in sight.
They're professionals. They...
They start a war on a train
in the middle of the boondocks.
they got a good chance
of being caught.
They have to find you.
do it cleanly.
without... drawing attention
to themselves.
As long as they don't know
where you are. you're okay.
It's gonna be okay. really.
I'm telling you.
it's gonna be all right.
I'm not going
to Los Angeles with you.
I'm telling you right now.
I'm not going.
- Are you hungry?
- Oh. I don't know.
I'll go to the club car
to get you something to eat.
I'm not hungry.
You lock this door behind me.
Don't let the porter or the conductor...
I said I'm not hungry.
- You need something to eat.
- Okay. you stay. and I'll  go.
What?
Every time you leave this compartment
and every time you come back
you put me in danger.
Listen. they know
what you look like.
They don't know what I look like.
I've a better chance if I go myself.
Suppose that they do know
what you look like.
Maybe they've seen you.
Maybe your photograph was faxed
along with your fingerprints
when they checked you out.
Wanna risk that?
You're not going to that club car
because you're wanna bring me food.
Lock the door behind me.
- May I get you something to drink. sir?
- Yeah. a beer. please.
- What kind of beer would you like?
- Oh. I don't know. You choose.
Yes. sir.
Oh!
I'm terribly sorry! Oh!
- It's all right. It's okay.
- Does it hurt?
It's just my foot.
I can grow another one in a week.
I'm so clumsy. I'm sorry.
It's all right. really...
It's not you. it's the train.
It's very bumpy. that's all.
No. no. it's me.
I'm always doing things like that.
Oh! Oh. I'm sorry again.
It's okay. It's okay.
It's the same foot.
Oh. gee!
Can-can I. uh. can I buy you
something to drink?
- No. that's not necessary.
- I'd like to.
I'm fine. really.
I insist. I... I am clumsy.
but I have money.
Well. I'm not
that liberated yet.
I'll  have the same. please.
and this... is for both of them.
- Here. let me...
- No. no. no. it's done. Was it so difficult?
I feel like Phil Donahue.
My name's Kathryn... Weller.
I'm Robert Caulfield.
How are you?
Good.
You don't look like somebody
who takes the train.
Oh. really? What does somebody
who takes the train look like?
Patient.
Yeah. it's the first time
I've done this.
- No. that's fine.
- Thank you. ma'am.
How about you?
Do you do this often?
No. not often.
I. uh...
I was trying
to water-ski on Lake Louise. I...
I wasn't very good at it.
I tend to fall down a lot.
I noticed.
I'm also terrified
of flying. so...
Really?
I don't mind that at all.
I'm in no rush.
The one thing I have is time.
You also said you had money.
I. uh...
I had a good divorce lawyer.
- Am-am I interrupting you?
- No. no. I'm-I'm sorry. really.
Well. here's to. uh...
community property.
Come to think of it.
I earned it.
Are you...? Ugh.
Are you traveling alone?
- Yes.
- Oh.
How long were you married?
- Six years.
- Mmm.
One day. over bran muffins...
He loved bran muffins...
He said he had to find himself.
Just like that.
I'm standing there with
a pot of brewed decaf...
He only drank brewed decaf...
and he said
he had to find himself.
I asked him if he wanted
to finish breakfast first.
Before I knew it.
he had taken his air popcorn maker...
no cholesterol. you see...
and his lifecycle and moved
into this... very nice duplex
with a 23-year-old waitress
from one of his restaurants.
Not bad for somebody
who's lost.
Well. he owns a lot of restaurants.
so I don't think he'll... run out of waitresses.
You'll have to excuse me.
I'm sorry.
I-I've been talking too much.
- I tend to do that...
- No. it is... it's not. you know.
- I understand.
- No. you don't understand. really.
I wish I... I could explain. but...
By the way.
I think your restaurant guy is nuts.
I don't think
this is gonna work.
- I'll  back up. It's shorter this way.
- I appreciate that.
These things weren't designed
for people my size.
No one loves a fat man
but his grocer.
Did you find
your briefcase yet. sir?
No. not yet.
Your seats are up
at the head of the train. aren't they?
- Yes. that's right. Uh... I get mixed up.
- Well. it can be confusing. sir.
Thank you.
What the...?
Shh! Shh!
Please.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- You're supposed to say something.
- Like what?
- Something reassuring.
- It's gonna work out.
Thanks. That made
a world of difference.
We'll be in the station soon.
You'll be safe when we get there.
I hope they've gotten
to your cabin by now
and have taken care of Benti.
He shouldn't be
left alone like that.
- I'm sorry about your friend.
- He ain't my friend.
I just met 'im.
Jerk.
Two years away from retirement.
- I'm sorry.
- Are you?
There are two guys
on this train.
One is that killed
a police officer and a pilot.
I couldn't see in the helicopter.
I couldn't identify them.
You couldn't identify them.
Except...
They're the guys.
They work for Leo Watts.
There's nothing I can do.
All I can charge him with
is riding on a train.
They're gonna walk.
There'll be a funeral
for Benti.
Flag-draped coffin.
everybody in dress blues.
his picture up
on the precinct wall.
people saying
how terrible it was.
Another funeral for the pilot.
not as spiffy as Benti's.
No flags. nothing like that.
There'll be two wives serving
a lot of food for people.
two groups of children trying
to be very brave.
Those two guys...
died trying to help get you back
to Los Angeles.
and the two guys
who killed them... are gonna walk...
unless you testify against the man
who sent 'em up here.
Two years from retirement.
What a jerk.
Keep the lights out.
Jesus. they didn't exactly
bring out the national guard. did they?
I guess they didn't wanna
attract too much attention.
You stay here. okay?
Don't do anything.
but just stay out of sight.
When we're ready.
when I think it's secure.
I'll come and get you.
Oh. and. uh...
I know. I know. Lock it.
- You Caulfield?
- Yeah.
I'm sergeant Nigro. RCMP.
Detective Loughlin.
- They sent two of you. huh?
- Well. ity's a pretty remote area.
- Backup's on the way.
- So. you guys are mounties?
Yes. uh. we don't really
use horses anymore.
That's mostly for the tourists.
Besides. uh.horses don't have
air conditioning.
Look. uh. I don't think
we should stand around out here
any longer
than is necessary.
Where's the woman?
She's on the train.
I've got her hidden.
A couple guys on the train
have been following us.
They're armed.
Uh. I think I've got them
on a possible 314 though.
I think we should get the woman
into safe custody.
Your 314s can't get anywhere.
We'll send some units down
to meet the train at the next stop.
We'll nail 'em.
I think you're right.
Well. why don't you get the woman
and... we can get out of here?
Right. Um... Listen. I-I know
you're gonna think this is real dumb of me.
but. uh. I haven't been
feeling very good lately. and. uh...
My stomach. you know.
Uh. so I-I really gotta run over
to the toilet just for a second.
Well. uh. what are you.
are you serious?
Yeah. hey. I don't... I don't have
any choice. You know what it's like. uh...
I'll be right back.
Mr. Caulfield? You all right?
Caulfield?
Shithead.
A 314 is indecent exposure.
You're no cop.
- Who sent you?
- Fuck you.
You're a dead man.
do you know that?
- You all right. sir?
- Yeah. That was close.
I was taking a walk.
I didn't realize the train was leaving.
- You could have been hurt.
- Yeah. that was real stupid of me.
- I'll never do that again.
- I certainly hope not.
Listen...
Never mind.
Mr. Caulfield.
I have a business proposition
that... might interest you.
- Would you. gentlemen. care for a drink?
- Uh. what will you have? It's my treat.
Coffee. please.
My friend here will have
a cup of coffee. please.
Seven and Seven for me and scotch
on the rocks for my associate. Thank you.
I figured him for something
with a little umbrella in it.
If you're trying to get him
to lose his composure.
you're not gonna succeed.
He's very good at what he does.
So am I.
The difference between us is that
I do it for a living and he... enjoys it.
Well. I think that people
should have fun at work.
It makes the day go by
much quicker.
As I said. I have
a business proposition for you.
Tell me.
how much does a deputy
district attorney make in a year?
- Enough.
- Oh. I doubt that.
Are you thinking of
becoming a lawyer?
No. no. I was thinking that we might. uh...
perhaps negotiate an arrangement
that would be
mutually satisfactory.
He says he thinks
we can make a deal.
- Does he speak?
- Yeah. Sometimes very convincingly.
I'm gonna enjoy this.
- Thank you. Keep the change.
- Thank you. sir.
The people I work for
are very determined.
They want the woman.
You have 'er.
and the question is simply...
how much do you want?
What woman?
Well. you know
we're gonna find 'er.
it's just a matter of time.
What I'm proposing here
is that you recognize
the inevitable.
I-I don't know what woman
you're talking about.
First you lost your briefcase.
and... now you've lost
some woman.
You guys gotta be
more careful.
The people I work for have
a large investment in this matter.
and they are very determined.
- They sound like interesting people.
- Very interesting.
They give
a good dental plan to you?
What I'm talking about
is probably 10 times
what you earn in a year.
including whatever you steal
on your expense account.
- I don't steal.
- An honest man. I like that.
- So do I.
- 10... times.
You could never get that far ahead
if you worked for another 30 years.
And then there is always
a possibility that...
- you won't survive that long.
- That's true.
All you have to do...
is point her out
and look the other way.
Now that's... not a great deal of effort
for more money
than you ever dreamed of.
And no risk...
no risk to you at all.
You can go through
all the motions of guarding her.
Well... we'll take care
of the rest.
Now. this offer doesn't stay
on the table for too long. uh...
Obviously. we're going
to find the woman.
There are a couple of things
that you should know
before you make your decision.
Jack. show him
what you have.
Do you know what this is?
I have a feeling
you're gonna tell me.
Hmm. It seems
that something has happened
to the communications gear
on this train.
There's no way for anyone
to radio ahead.
That's a shame. isn't it?
The other item that
might interest you
is that when this train
reaches its destination.
there gonna be some people
waiting for you.
Quite a few of them.
They're not like us.
Now. we have no desire
for needless violence.
We're professionals.
just like you.
To have an ugly incident
occur while we're on this train
with no method of escape
that is not in our self-interest.
either.
However... the men that are waiting
for you. that is a different matter.
They're... simply not gonna
let you and that woman
get off this train and walk away.
It's as simple as that.
I've been doing
some checking on you. Mr. Caulfield.
You have an interesting resume.
Top of your law school class.
A decorated marine.
And you have a reputation
for being a very good prosecutor.
You also have a reputation for
having something of a big mouth.
It seems that you pissed off
too many people.
You're never gonna be
the district attorney.
It's a shame. isn't it?
I suppose there's two reasons
why someone would remain
a deputy district attorney.
You're either rich or you're afraid
to go out on your own?
Th-th-there's
a third reason. too.
I don't like people like you.
and I really don't like
people like your boss.
I enjoy putting you away.
I really do.
If I wanted to make money.
I'd have to defend you.
A-and that wouldn't be any fun. You know.
I'd always feel like I need to shower.
I enjoy sitting in a courtroom.
looking across as the judge passes sentence.
as your shirt collar
starts to get a little too tight. like...
I'm gonna love sitting there...
watching Leo Watts.
I like my side
of the courtroom.
The pay is not so good.
but the air is a lot better.
I am offering you enough money
that your whole life would be different.
Don't tell me that
you're above temptation.
I'm very tempted
at your offer. yes.
- There's just one... small problem.
- What's that?
I don't know who this woman is
that you keep talking about.
- I'm really gonna enjoy this.
- Give it a rest. will you?
There are no more stops
between here and Vancouver.
You can't get off the train.
Neither can the woman.
You don't have a lot of choice.
Think about it.
I will.
Do you really think
you can get her off this train?
Get who?
Well...
- Thank you for the coffee.
- Uh-huh.
I've. uh. really enjoyed
this little chat. I really have.
- I-I-I must go now.
- We'll talk again.
Yeah. well...
I'm in the book.
It's me.
Jesus Christ.
what happened?
Your friend Leo Watts.
he's got a buddy in the D.A.'s office.
His name is Dahlbeck.
Those two guys he sent here.
they weren't cops.
- I thought you were dead.
- Well. I'm not.
You get this. When I get to L.A..
Dahlbeck is mine.
- If you get there.
- We'll get there.
- How?
- I'll take care of it.
Are you telling me not to worry but free
the lab when you work everything out?
This is my life
we're dealing with.
Who the hell
do you think you are?
I thought you were dead.
I thought I was on my own.
You come prancing in here
with your fancy I.D.
and tell me not to worry?
You're really a jerk.
"My friend" Leo Watts?
Do you know
what really happened?
I mean. do you... do you know
anything about me?
I know you're
Michael Tarlow's girlfriend.
Well. it must be really nice
not to let knowledge
get in your way.
I never met Michael Tarlow
in my life before that night.
I was fixed up on a blind date
by a well-meaning friend.
I saw a man get murdered.
I don't know if he was
a good man or if he was a bad man.
And then I saw someone take his life
as casually as you'd buy a stick of gum.
It's not like it is on television.
It was horrible.
It's not a part of my life.
It's something you read about.
except that it never happens to you.
I don't know
how I got home that night.
The most difficult part
was trying to... act normal
when I paid off the babysitter.
Yes. I have a son.
He's 10 years old.
But I thought
you'd have known that.
since you know
everything about me.
I just went into his room that night
and watched him sleeping.
Thought maybe the sight of...
that kind of innocence
would make the world
seem a little less horrible.
It didn't.
It was all over
the 11 o'clock news
who Michael Tarlow was.
that he was a lawyer
for this... famous gangster
named... Leo Watts.
They had a photograph
of Leo Watts on television.
It was the man
in the hotel room.
All I could think of was to run.
I took my son to his father's house.
I told his father
to go away right then.
Not to tell anybody
where he was going. not even me.
I knew I had to get
as far away from my son as I could.
I went to... my brother's cabin.
It's so remote I thought
I would... be safe there.
I figured
no one could find me.
So don't you ever judge me.
Don't you dare.
I'm scared stiff.
I don't wanna die.
I'd gladly die
for my son. however.
This is not just about me.
I would like
to do the right thing.
I really would. I just...
I'm just so scared.
This is not just about me.
So here's the program.
You're gonna tell me
what is going on.
and you're gonna tell me what ideas
you have. if you have any.
I need to know.
I'm sorry.
They still don't know
where you are.
I don't think
they'll make a move tonight
because they don't have to.
We have to do something
before this train makes
the last stop. though.
We can't get off the train.
There isn't anybody
I can call for help.
They've got... somebody else
on the train
besides the two guys.
I-I think I know who it is.
It's a big. fat guy.
I. uh...
I don't know exactly
what I'm going to do.
I just know that I've...
I have to make my move
before they make theirs.
Why don't you try
to get some sleep now?
You're gonna need it.
- I can't sleep.
- Don't worry. I-I'll  be up.
- You should wash that.
- Thank you.
It's okay.
Nothing's happened.
- Okay?
- We're not dead yet?
- No... We're not dead yet.
- Well. that's good.
I'm gonna leave you alone
for a little while.
- Where are you going?
- To the dining car.
If I'm there. they can't get by me
without my seeing them first.
If they come after me.
at least you won't be right next to me.
You'll be all right.
- Would you like some coffee?
- That would be nice.
Freeze. mister.
You're not robbing this train.
Jesus Christ.
That thing's not for real. is it?
Course not. I'm a kid.
You shouldn't go around
pointing that thing on people.
You know.
you-you could get hurt.
You shouldn't go around robbing people.
You could go to jail.
- Well. I'm not a robber.
- I don't believe you.
Now. uh...
- Listen. I gotta go.
- I didn't say you could move.
- Well. I gotta go.
- I'll be watching you.
- What's your name?
- Nick.
Do you always go around
pretending you're a cop?
Sometimes I'm the bad guy.
Yeah. I understand.
Pays better. right?
- But right now you're a cop.
- Mmm-hmm.
- Can you keep a secret?
- Course I can.
Suppose I told you
I was really a cop.
- No way.
- Suppose I could prove it to you.
Suppose I asked you
for your help.
Would you give it to me.
without telling anybody.
not saying anything to anyone?
Prove it.
- Is that real?
- Yes. it is.
- No shit.
- Yes shit.
This doesn't say you're a real cop.
I can read. you know.
Well. it says I'm a deputy.
doesn't it?
- Are you on a case?
- Yeah. big one.
- Where's your gun?
- Well. I don't have it.
If you're a real cop.
how come you don't have a gun?
Well. that's the problem.
Um... The bad guys took it.
- Are you kidding me?
- I wish I was. I need your help.
- You do?
- I need to borrow your gun.
But it's not real.
Well. we won't tell
anybody about that. okay?
Raise your right hand.
Put your left hand
on the gun.
I'm gonna deputize you.
According to the laws
of the state of California
and the international laws
of criminal justice.
I hereby deputize you
as special assistant...
uh. subject to
all the laws of. uh...
of secrecy and jurisprudence.
so help me God. Say "I do".
I do. What's it mean?
It means. um...
if you say
anything about this.
- your ass is grass.
- Okay.
Okay. deputy. Go see
your mother now. Just act normal.
Yes. sir.
Good morning. sir.
Would you like some breakfast?
Uh. no. thanks.
Just some. uh. coffee. please. Black.
- And a. uh cup of coffee to go.
- Certainly. sir.
- Well... Good morning.
- Good morning.
Do you mind
if I join you?
Well. uh. actually I'm just having coffee.
I'm not having breakfast or anything.
Um... oh. of course.
Please. Sit down.
Thank you.
- Did you sleep well?
- Not much. No.
Me. too.
Didn't think it could be so...
difficult to sleep on a train.
- God! It's beautiful. isn't it?
- Yes. yes.
Good morning. ma'am.
Would you care for some breakfast?
Um. just some tea. please.
And some toast.
- Uh. what kind of bread?
- Any kind. Wheat?
You. um. getting
coffee for someone?
Uh. no. I just thought
I'd have a cup here
and... take a cup
back to the compartment. uh...
I have a lot of reading to do
before we get in. Just records and stuff.
Mmm-hmm.
What kind of work do you do?
Mmm. Sales.
- What do you sell?
- Construction. um... supplies.
H-heavy equipment...
Oh. I see. You don't look
like the salesman type.
Oh. what type is that?
Well. somebody
who looks comfortable
with a name tag
on their pocket.
- You know. "Hello. my name is..."
- Yes. but I don't have to do that.
- Your toast will be ready in a moment.
- Thanks.
- Where are you from?
- Uh. Los Angeles.
Oh! I go there quite often.
As a matter of fact.
I'm gonna be there next week.
I stay at the. um. the Bel Air?
Mmm. mmm.
that's a very nice place.
Would you like to see me?
Uh. uh... what did you say?
I'm sorry.
- Nothing. It's not important.
- No. it... was it... what-what did you say?
I feel like an idiot. I...
I just asked if you'd like
to see me again.
Oh. of course! Yes.
- How's she doing?
- What?
Your wife.
How is she doin'?
I gave him my compartment.
He only had coach seats.
His wife looked like
she was gonna have the baby
- right there in the train station.
- She's doing fine. thank you.
She's doing fine. thank you.
Thank you very much.
That's-that's very kind of you.
I hope that you and your wife
were-were not uncomfortable.
Hell. no!
We played cards all night.
I cheat. So does she.
But I cheat better.
That's why
she's buying breakfast.
Well. I-I gotta be going. Uh...
Hope everything turns out right.
Thank you.
You don't understand.
- I do understand.
- Please.
Look. this is ridiculous.
You do not have to apologize.
No. please. I just...
I can't explain. Please.
- Come with me.
- What?
- Come with me now. Don't ask questions.
- I don't want to. Wait a second!
I'm not asking you. I'm telling you.
You're in danger.
What's going on here?
What is it?
Where are you taking me?
Who are you?
There are two guys on this train.
They think you're someone else.
Will you let go of me!
You get in your compartment.
shut the door and lock it.
My compartment is
back the other way.
You can't go back
the other way.
Would you please
tell me what's going on?
I don't have time.
What seems to be
the problem here?
- This man...
- No problem at all.
- Looks like there's one to me.
- I don't give a shit what it looks like to you.
That's no way to talk.
I'm afraid you're gonna
have to come with me.
The name's Keller.
Railroad security.
Now. step away from the lady
and come with me. please.
You're a railroad cop?
There are two men on this train.
They're tryin' to kill someone.
The person they're after
is a woman.
I think I know who the two are.
I've been watching them.
I've been watching you too.
Where is she?
She's safe right now. I believe
they think she's the woman.
- What do you want me to do?
- Where's your compartment?
- One car behind us.
- Let's go there.
Keep her in there.
They'll never think to look for her in there.
I got a radio inside.
I can call ahead for help.
I thought
communications were out.
- Mine's a portable unit.
- Have your people contact
the Los Angeles
district attorney's office.
Tell them to ask for chief deputy district
attorney Martin Larner.
But not to talk to anybody else.
That's very important.
I want them to tell Larner
that Dahlbeck is dirty.
Do it right away.
Listen. Not just your grocer
who loves you.
It's Caulfield.
What took you so long?
We're gonna change
compartments. okay?
- What happened?
- Things are looking up.
There's a railroad cop on the train.
I'm gonna put you in his compartment.
If nothing else.
it'll give us a little time.
Jesus Christ!
- They took her.
- Who?
There was a woman in here.
They thought she was you.
Oh. dear God.
Get out of the way!
Wait. Wait!
- Grab the hand rail! Get on the roof!
- I can't!
You don't have any choice.
Just don't think about it.
Just do it!
When you get on the roof.
lie flat!
You're doing fine!
End of the line. asshole.
Wiggle your ear.
Wiggle your toes.
Come on. I wanna do you.
Toy gun.
- Let's go!
- I can't move! I'm-I'm afraid!
- Yeah. so am I. Let's go. Come on.
- I can't.
Come on!
I don't want you.
Just her.
You understand.
It's strictly business.
You should have
taken the money.
You know
what I like about you?
You're tall.
Larner.
This is Caulfield.
Where the hell have you been?
I don't have time to explain.
Just listen to me.
Our friend Dahlbeck
works for Leo Watts.
We wound up on a train.
- A train?
- You listen to me.
The train is stopped on a side.
I'm calling you from a farmhouse.
I'm about. uh. 100 miles
from Vancouver.
The woman is safe.
I've contacted
the Canadian authorities.
They'll be here any minute.
Get in touch with them.
Meet us at the border.
I'm on my way.
And the man told Mr. Tarlow
not to be afraid.
I remember he said. uh.
"Michael. you're acting
as though you think
I'll harm you."
And. uh.
then he told Mr. Tarlow
that he was
to go back to New York
and... he was to pay back
all the money that he owed.
Then he started
to walk toward the door.
and he stopped
and turned around
and... said "Michael. I lied".
And the other man
that was with him
turned around...
and pulled out a gun...
and shot Mr. Tarlow.
Did Mr. Tarlow call anybody
in the room by name?
Yes. he called the man Leo.
And did you get a clear look
at the man named Leo?
Yes.
- Could you identify him?
- Yes.
- Is he in the courtroom at this time?
Could you point to him?
Yes.
It's that man
sitting right there.
Let the record state
that the witness
has pointed to
Mr. Leo Watts.
Thank you. Miss Hunnicut.
No further questions.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm